#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=compiled_requirements.txt all_requirements.txt
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via wandb
appnope==0.1.3
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via wandb
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   gym
    #   gymnasium
    #   stable-baselines3
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cython==3.0.1
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
einops==0.6.1
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   gymnasium
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   torch
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow-intel
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via wandb
google-auth==2.30.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
gym==0.26.2
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
gym-notices==0.0.8
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   gym
gymnasium==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   shimmy
    #   stable-baselines3
h5py==3.11.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
hnswlib==0.7.0
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
idna==3.7
    # via requests
imageio==2.31.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   mediapy
jax==0.4.19
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
jax-jumpy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   gymnasium
jaxlib==0.4.19
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.19.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   mediapy
    #   seaborn
    #   stable-baselines3
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
mediapy @ git+https://github.com/PWhiddy/mediapy.git
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
mistune==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   tensorflow-intel
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   sympy
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.4
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   contourpy
    #   gym
    #   gymnasium
    #   h5py
    #   hnswlib
    #   imageio
    #   jax
    #   jax-jumpy
    #   jaxlib
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyboy
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shimmy
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.7.0.72
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow-intel
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
    #   stable-baselines3
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via wandb
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
protobuf==4.23.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   wandb
psutil==5.9.8
    # via wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pyboy==1.6.9
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
pysdl2==0.9.15
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   pyboy
pysdl2-dll==2.28.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   pyboy
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via wandb
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.21.0
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
sentry-sdk==2.5.1
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via wandb
shimmy==1.1.0
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stable-baselines3==2.0.0
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.15.0
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorflow-intel==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.4.12
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   gymnasium
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wandb==0.15.12
    # via -r all_requirements.txt
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r all_requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow-intel

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
